CFE-2815: Added documentation for `isnewerthantime` (#3430)
cfengine/documentation: reference/functions/isnewerthantime.markdown

---
layout: default
title: isnewerthantime
published: true
---

[%CFEngine_function_prototype(file, time)%]

**Description:** Returns whether the file `file` is newer (modified later)
than the time `time`.

> This function compares the modification time (mtime) of the file, referring to
> changes of content only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function compares the modification time (mtime) of the file. Note that access changes such as ownership and permissions as well as status changes such as last time the file was read are not included in the mtime timestamp.
```

> to changes of content only.

Reviewer: The "referring to changes of content only" doesn't make sense to me. Doesn't isnewerthantime() just check the mtime and that's it?

Author: Yes, it just checks the `mtime`, and the point of this sentence (which is copy pasted from `isnewerthan` docs) is to clarify that it doesn't compare other data e.g. attributes (e.g. permissions) of the file.
